Change BaseModel to apply parse and serialize methods on every list element (#123)
mirumee/ariadne-codegen: CHANGELOG.md

- Unlocked versions of black, isort, autoflake and dev dependencies
- Added `remote_schema_verify_ssl` option.
- Changed how default values for inputs are generated to handle potential cycles.

> - Changed `BaseModel` to apply `parse` and `serialize` methods on every list element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `BaseModel` incorrectly calling `parse` and `serialize` methods on entire list instead of its items for `List[Scalar]`.
```
